March 2015 Newsletter

Family……Community….We are One!

Announcements

Challenger Player Development Program

Challenger’s Professional British Coaches are coming to teach players the fundamental skills 

they need to take their game to the next level. Weekly sessions guarantee your players are sure 

to have fun while practicing game-related technical activities. 

When: Tuesdays April 7th to April 28th 

5-8 years: 6:00 – 7:00PM

9-16 years: 7:00 – 8:00PM

Click here for more information and to register for the program. 

3v3 Live

Thank you to all the teams who participated in 3v3 Live, it was a fun event! We had several 
teams of Academy, Fusion, and Recreational players. Congratulations to the following teams for 
medaling: <List Teams>

Reminders

2014-2015 Player Fees are Due

Richard Saxon (Fusion Admin) will be at the HYSA concession stand from 6-7:30 pm March 24th 
and 25th to collect payments. 
You can also contact the Fusion Administrator at fusionadmin@haysyouthsoccer.org to make 
other payment arrangements. 

Zero Tolerance Policy

HYSA HAS A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY FOR UNSPORTSMANLIKE BEHAVIOR. 
COMMENTS OR ACTIONS BEING PERCEIVED AS NEGATIVE OR CONFRONTATIONAL 
TOWARD ANY PLAYER, COACH, REFEREE, PARENT, OR SPECTATOR WILL NOT BE 
TOLERATED.

Board members, team staff, and field marshals have the authority and responsibility to remove 
anyone behaving negatively from our proper. 

Other Game Day Reminders

? Parents for a team sit directly across from their team and at least 5 ft. from the touch 
line. PLEASE MOVE BACK

? Only staff members are allowed on the player side and must display a current kid safe 
badge

? NO ONE (parent/spectator, coach, teammate) is allowed on the field at any time, until 
they are invited by the referee. 

? Home color is always BLUE (for Fusion) and Black (for Academy). However, if the 
opposing team is blue or black, the HOME team changes jerseys. 

? Only staff listed on the roster and on the player side can communicate with a referee. 

? No pets are allowed at HYSA

Referees

Reminders from Jason Goltz, CAYSA Referee Commissioner (excerpts from 9-20-14 letter)

“I want to emphasize that coaches and players (and by extension spectators) should be 
expressing nothing other than respect for the authority of the match with which the referee is 
bestowed.”  

“Everyone needs to remember that development of our referees is no different than 
development of our players.”

“Finally, it needs to be communicated and appreciated by all coaches, players and spectators 
that it is not the referee's fault if they are not capable or properly handling any aspect of the 
game.  Therefore, concerns should not be brought up directly with the referee or assistant 
referees during or after the match.  In ALL youth soccer matches the referees are in training 
and as such any deficiencies or inabilities need to be brought to the attention of the referee 
assignors, local association referee commissioners or state referee association.”

“I am asking everyone for their assistance in helping to develop our referees with the same 
consideration and expectations that are offered the developing players.”

Good luck to everyone this season! - Send pictures for our Facebook page!

GO FUSION!  -  GO ACADEMY!

Volunteer

Concession Stand

Please consider making a donation and/or sign up to work in our concession stand. Our 
concession stand is run entirely by volunteers. All proceeds go to HYSA. 

Donate Items - view items needed here

Concession Stand Duty - sign up here

Facilities

A specific field day has not been scheduled for April. You can volunteer anytime that fits in your 
schedule. Contact your Team Manager or Scott Perry at facilities@haysyouthsoccer.org for 
details. 

To opt out ($25) contact your Team Manager.

Coming Up

Challenger Sports Coaching Clinic – Monday, March 23rd 6:30-7:30

Free coaching clinic for all volunteer parent coaches at HYSA. 

BBQ Fundraiser (Academy/Fusion Teams) – Saturday, April 18th 

Get ready for some delicious BBQ plates. Plates will be sold by our Academy/Fusion players. All 
proceeds go to HYSA.

Chocolate Fundraiser (Recreational Teams)

Chocolate bars will be sold by our recreational team players. Buy some chocolates from our rec 
players, all proceeds go to HYSA. 

Car Decals - Coming soon!

Elections - Coming up in April. If you are interested in serving on the board, please contact the 
HYSA President, Jennifer Perry at president@haysyouthsoccer.org  or any board member. For 
a description of the duties of each position please see Article II of the HYSA By-Laws. 

British Challenger and Tetra Brazil Summer Soccer Camps (Ages 8-18) – June 22nd to 26th 

Click here to register for TetraBrazil Soccer Camp <copy link from HYSA website>

Click here to register for British Soccer Camp <copy link from HYSA website>

SPRING CUPS

Regular season play is underway and will extend through April with Spring Cup playoff matches 
in early May for most teams. Team Managers will let you know exact dates and locations for 
your team. 

Academy (Rec+) - http://www.caysa.org/

CAYSA Div IV World Cup 2015 - May 9th and 10th 

Fusion (Select)

South Texas Cup (Div III/Div II) - http://www.stxsoccer.org/south_texas_cup/

April 25-26th and May 2-3rd 

Directors Cup (Div II/Super 2) - http://www.stxsoccer.org/directors_cup/

May 2nd-3rd - District Tournament

May 9-10th – Final Tournament

Presidents Cup (Super 2/Div 1) - http://www.stxsoccer.org/presidents_cup/

May 9-10th – Cross-bracket semi-finals

May 16-17th – State Finals

Kuddos

Special thanks to our very own Fusion player Maximos Figueroa-Allen (U14, 01 Boys player) 
and his father Ronald Figueroa (www.ronaldfigueroa.com) for helping us to redesign our 
newsletter!